##Data: 31 Jan
**Time:** 6.00 pm  
**Venue:** CEP ground floor  
**Minutes Taker:** Nidhi Vyas  
**Attendees:**    
MENTOR: RUPSA DI  
MEMBERS:  
VYAS NIDHI  
ALAMURU NIHIT RAMIREDDY   
SALONI JAIN    
KUSHAN JOSHI  
BHUPATHI VADHIR BABU  
DUSHYANTKUMAR PARMAR  


##Agenda:
The meetings was to discuss the weekly progress and re assign deadlines to the task we could not manage to complete in the last week.  
1. We need to assign few students to take interviews.  
2. Few students would be analyzing the data collect from surveys.  
3. Each student would collect about 10 surveys by personally interviewing the client.  
4. We would be reading the SEN slides that Prof. Banerjee has uploaded and understand them before the start of this week.  

**Points Decided**  
-Incomplete todo list finish by the end of this week, so all understand the basics and working of react JS  
-Wednesday and Sunday meeting for this week.   
-Wednesday to check on progress and Sunday to submit assigned tasks, discuss and alot tasks for next week and meet mentor.  

**Assigned tasks**  
###Kushan  
_-Designing the surveys_  
_-Desiging and deciding the architecture of the software_  
_-Helping with data analysis_  

###Nidhi  
_-Data analysis of the surveys and giving out useful insights from the data for functionality and deciding the deliverables_  
_-Review the SRS_  
_-Updating the MOM,timeline of the current week and tasks alloted_  

###Nihit and Vadhir  
_-Would be managing the functionality part in both the phases. They would shortlist the features for the survey and reform the functionality structure after the survey results_

###Barkha  
_-She would be responsible to compile all the material generated by the team efforts over the week and preparing an SRS document to submit_    
_-Interview one of the admin people along_  

###Deergha  
_-Responsible for managing documents and deadlines_  

###Kuljeet  
_-He would be responsible to compile all the material generated by the team efforts over the week and preparing an SRS document to submit_  

###Saloni  
_-Interview one of the admin people along_  
_-Helping with the SRS_  

###Dushyant  
_-Responsible for managing documents and deadlines_  
_-Keep a track of alloted work_  
_-Collect the conducted surveys from all and manage the data entires to preapre for analysis_  
