17 Jan ' 16
============
*6.00 pm, CEP ground floor*

Absentees: `None`


Minutes Taker: Nidhi Vyas


Agenda:
This was the first meeting where we introduced ourselves and the group members of the team. We also talked about the various projects and development each one of us is exposed to. This included in-depth  discussion of their past projects, technologies they have worked with and the team-size they were involved working with previously. Each of us benefited from this discussion in some way or the other, we got to know the strengths and weaknesses of the team, and points where we would need to put significant efforts in order to successfully carry out this project. We decided to brainstorm after going back, and come with ideas, or potential problems we can target, so as to come up with a concrete plan to propose in the coming weeks.




20 Jan ' 16
============
*6.00 pm, CEP ground floor*

Absentees: `None`


Agenda:
We all came up with a few ideas and decided to defend them. The plan was each person puts forward his ideas, and the other team members become critics. After doing this exercise, we all dropped various ideas and shortlisted 3 ideas for further discussion. The reason for dropping these ideas were: there was no proper client available; the idea was already implemented; the idea was not deliverable in the given amount of time; we lacked technical knowledge which made the idea not feasible. Few ideas which were shortlisted were as follows:

Open source maps which helps you scribble on them, note memories and share these memories.
College’s own programming judge.
A research portal for DAIICT research done till now, connecting the students and professors on common grounds in terms of research.
A student dashboard which can be personalized and can help him customize various widgets.



28 Jan ' 16
============
*2.00 pm, SEN Lab*

Absentees: `None`

### Agenda
* Spend the lab time to ellaborate on the idea of a DA dashboard to prepare a project proposal.  


### Points discussed and decided
* Student customizable dashboard to allow them to personalize and choose from a set of widgets.
* Ask them as to what DA portals do they use the most.
* Listed about 36 Features that we discussed and noted them down with the kind of functionalities the team can pitch.
* Next step would be to interview our client that is the student community and the admin of DA-IICT.



31 Jan ' 16
============
*6.00 pm, Cep Ground Floor*

Absentees: `Barkha`, `Kuljeet`, `Deergha`

### Agenda
The meetings was to discuss the weekly progress and re assign deadlines to the task we could not manage to complete in the last week.

1. We need to assign few students to take interviews.  
2. Few students would be analyzing the data collect from surveys.  
3. Each student would collect about 10 surveys by personally interviewing the client.  
4. We would be reading the SEN slides that Prof. Banerjee has uploaded and understand them before the start of this week.  

### Points Decided  
* Incomplete todo list finish by the end of this week, so all understand the basics and working of react JS  
* **Wednesday and Sunday**  meeting for this week.   
* **Wednesday** to check on progress and **Sunday**  to submit assigned tasks, discuss and alot tasks for next week and meet mentor.  

### Assigned tasks

 **Kushan**

- [ ] Designing the surveys
- [ ] Designing and deciding the architecture of the software
- [ ] Helping with data analysis

and giving out useful insights from the data for functionality and deciding the deliverables
### Nidhi  
- [ ] Data analysis of the surveys and giving out useful insights from the data for functionality
- [ ] Review the SRS
- [ ] Updating the MOM,timeline of the current week and tasks alloted

### Nihit and Vadhir  
- [ ] Would be managing the functionality part in both the phases. They would shortlist the features for the survey and reform the functionality structure after the survey results_

### Barkha  
- [ ] She would be responsible to compile all the material generated by the team efforts over the week and preparing an SRS document to submit_    
- [ ] Interview one of the admin people along with saloni

### Deergha  
- [ ] Responsible for managing documents and deadlines_  

### Kuljeet  
- [ ] He would be responsible to compile all the material generated by the team efforts over the week and preparing an SRS document to submit_  

### Saloni  
- [ ] Interview one of the admin people along_  
- [ ] Helping with the SRS_  
- [ ] Manage the writes ups

### Dushyant  
- [ ] Responsible for managing documents and deadlines_  
- [ ] Keep a track of allotted work_  
- [ ] Collect the conducted surveys from all and manage the data entires to preapre for analysis_  
